two
now friends after the first video
that we published in which we prepared
this vehicle
I will not teach it because with the farra
it would be the same if you do not identify it if it is
the
mz if I leave a time between letters not
nothing happens well the car is not in the
first video we explained a series of
tricks that we did at the time
prepare it when adjusting it and then
well we have had a very good response
has liked the video fran in particular one
from our followers he made us some
questions in which I wanted that
we will specify a little more as we had
made some of the adjustments but let's
explain today and we'll see also what else
we have contributed to the car as we have
adjusted input you see that we have already
put the body of the megane renault
for this we have used the tab
adjustable front height that's
important to be able to raise or lower the
body without touching the chassis
already has the go lap receiver for
use a normal sf transmitter
in principle we have not touched anything to the
expected to explain to you concretely how
we have done what we already announced in your
day to accelerate the wear process
natural in one piece in this case of the
kneecaps and in the upper trapezoids or
lower of the suspension well what
you will see in enlarged images this is about
Dismantle the piece once you have it in
the hand check the movement of the
metallic ball joint in what is the arm of
suspension and good you can tune that
movement is very important that the
Patella runs free in the cavity
what's inside the trapeze like
we see in the image you take the
dremel you put a small tip that
once tightened then hold
perfectly the small threaded shaft that
has the kneecap
that's very important, you turn the
kneecap at very low revolutions and little
time and you can not pass or give
too much reed to the drill or the dremel
what do you use
and leave it a long time because you think that
the break when turning on the trapeze of
plastic is going to heat up and if it
heated will end up melting the kneecap
of plastic is simply about
spin it a little bit is more than
if he did it naturally mounted
in the car that's speeding up the process
natural wear and what
you will get is that the patella once
you have done this process and this we are
talking about 20 30 seconds of doing it
rotate to move the trapeze very well
us with the subject hand is the
trapezius while with the other subject
jce the dremel that has screwed
let's say you have a good grip on what
is the kneecap not so once of turns
you will see that it is released a little takes the
minimum clearance the plastic so that the
kneecap was super thin
this you do with the four spherical
which make up
the trapezoids of the front train and the
four kneecaps that make up the
trapezoids of the rear train and you will be left
a car with a bestial suspension and
that we talked about this that we explain to you
in the previous video it is also
interesting to emphasize how we have
put the friction grease in the
friction shock absorbers that it carries
this car you see also in images
it's about first
make sure that the shock absorber goes
fine that
ngo which falls within another or is
that has no trick but
you will have to search very well what kind of
fat you put on there are fats of fiction
denser softer and is very dense
fat fiction and you put a lot you'll leave
almost jammed the damper if
a description would gain a little dense and
the best you can little fat and you put little
Fat, you will have a lot more touch
natural if you notice also you will see what
what is the shank what is the axis
that enters inside the other leads as a
small hole is designed to
Expel the excess oil because
you can also put oil
silicone or shock absorber oil
you can play a density a little high
because the silicone oil itself
It is already less dense than the fat of
friction because if you are seeking a
high silicone oil density of
1000 up for example and only
compose a little needless
fill it in simply let everything
the whole is well lubricated and already
is
with that you will get having released
the kneecaps and leaving the suspensions
very tuned and
knowing that the trapezoids are already
are tuned you have a set of
incredible suspension this car is a
of the advantages it has regarding the
mini zeta that the touch of suspension is
bestial but you have to adjust it well
with these improvements that we have made
it's the most suspension touch
good these little adjustments as soon as
to the power steering we have mounted the
digital servo that is the one that recommends
the manufacturer when the
receiver go lab and we have put him
also some washers between what
it would be the rim and the bearing that makes
of cap now we will put the reference in
image so you can see that the model of
washer is you can put one or two per
roll to avoid a bit of the game
excessive they have with these settings the
car is ready to roll then we
will be final because put to point
the electronics with him with the card
programmer and set-up
geometries based on the circuit and the
tires that we use we will tell you
in following videos if you liked
this video and you have clarified the doubts
I like it
if you have more doubts the French arrive
and we will answer them as we
We will improve the car and you can
follow us at the same pace we will be
very progressive and finally
subscribe to the channel if you are not
existing to the day of everything we go
doing see you in the next video